What is media query?
	The @media query introduced in CSS2, made it possible to define different style rules for different media types.
	It is used for computer screens, one for printers, one for handheld devices, one for television-type devices, etc...
	Media queries in CSS3 extended the CSS2 media types idea.
			1.width and height of the viewport.
			2.width and height of the device.
			3.orientation (tablet/phone in landscape or portrait mode).
			4.resolution.
	Media queries are a popular technique for delivering style sheet to desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile phones (such as iPhone and Android phones).
	A media query consists of a media type and can contain one or more expressions, which resolve to either true or false.
		Syntax:
			@media only screen and (min-width: 480px) (max-width:720px){content}.
css MQ Examples:
	1.we can change the background color for different devices.
	2.we use media queries to create a responsive navigation menu, that varies in design on different screen sizes.
	3.we create a layout that varies between four, two and full-width columns, depending on different screen sizes.
	4.Another common use of media queries, is to hide elements on different screen sizes.
	5.media queries to change the font size of an element on different screen sizes.
	6.we use media queries together with flexbox to create a responsive image gallery.
	7.we use media queries together with flexbox to create a responsive website, containing a flexible navigation bar and flexible content.
	8.Media queries can also be used to change layout of a page depending on the orientation of the browser.
	9You can have a set of CSS properties that will only apply when the browser window is wider than its height, a so called "Landscape" orientation.
	10.Use the (max-width: ..) and (min-width: ..) values to set a minimum width and a maximum width.
		use the (max-width: ..) and (min-width: ..) values to set a minimum width and a maximum width.
	11.we add an additional media query to our already existing one using a comma (OR operator).