What is fonts?
	The font has a huge impact on how the readers experience a website.
	The right font can create a strong identity for your brand.
	The font adds value to your text. It is also important to choose the correct color and text size for the font.
	Font Families are:
		1.Serif- fonts have a small stroke at the edges of each letter. They create a sense of formality and elegance.
		2.Sans-serif- fonts have clean lines (no small strokes attached). They create a modern and minimalistic look.
		3.Monospace- fonts - here all the letters have the same fixed width. They create a mechanical look. 
		4.Cursive -fonts imitate human handwriting.
		5.Fantasy -fonts are decorative/playful fonts.
	NOTE:
		computer screens easily understand the read the sentence.
	NOTE:
		If the font name is more than one word, it must be in quotation marks, like: "Times New Roman".
	we use the "font-family property"to specify the font of a text.
Font web safe:
	Web safe fonts are fonts that are universally installed across all browsers and devices.
	It is very important to always use fallback fonts.
	It is used to add a list of similar "backup fonts" in the font-family property. 
	If the first font does not work, the browser will try the next one, and the next one, and so on.
	Always end the list with a generic font family name.
	NOTE:
		There are three font types:- Tahoma, Verdana, and sans-serif.
		The second and third fonts are backups, in case the first one is not found.
	Best web fonts styles for css and html are:
		1.Arial (sans-serif).
		2.Verdana (sans-serif).
		3.Tahoma (sans-serif).
		4.Trebuchet MS (sans-serif).
		5.Times New Roman (serif).
		6.Georgia (serif).
		7.Garamond (serif.)
		8.Courier New (monospace).
		9.Brush Script MT (cursive).
	NOTE:
		 Before you publish your website, always check how your fonts appear on different browsers and devices, and always use fallback fonts.
Arial:
	Arial is the most widely used font for both online and printed media.
	Arial is also the default font in Google Docs.
	Arial is one of the safest web fonts, and it is available on all major operating systems.
Verdana:
	Verdana is a very popular font. Verdana is easily readable even for small font sizes.
Helvetica:
	The Helvetica font is loved by designers. It is suitable for many types of business.
Tahoma:
	The Tahoma font has less space between the characters.
Brush script MT:
	The Brush Script MT font was designed to mimic handwriting.
	It is elegant and sophisticated, but can be hard to read. Use it carefully.
Garamond:
	Garamond is a classical font used for many printed books. It has a timeless look and good readability.
Times New Roman:
	Times New Roman is one of the most recognizable fonts in the world. 
	It looks professional and is used in many newspapers and "news" websites. 
	It is also the primary font for Windows devices and applications.
FONT STYLE;
	The font-style property is mostly used to specify italic text.
	Property has three values:
		1.normal - The text is shown normally.
		2.italic - The text is shown in italics.
		3.oblique - The text is "leaning" (oblique is very similar to italic, but less supported).
FONT-WEIGHT:
	The font-weight property specifies the weight of a font.
FONT-VARIANT:
	The font-variant property specifies whether or not a text should be displayed in a small-caps font.
	In a small-caps font, all lowercase letters are converted to uppercase letters. 
	The converted uppercase letters appears in a smaller font size than the original uppercase letters in the text.
FONT-SIZE:
	The font-size property sets the size of the text.
	Always use the proper HTML tags, like <h1> - <h6> for headings and <p> for paragraphs.
	
	NOTE:
		If you do not specify a font size, the default size for normal text, like paragraphs, is 16px (16px=1em).
		
	The text size can be set with a vw unit, which means the "viewport width".
	The text size will follow the size of the browser window.
	calculation:
		1vw = 1% of viewport width. If the viewport is 50cm wide, 1vw is 0.5cm.
		1em(emphemeral unit_) is equal to the current font size. The default text size in browsers is 16px. So, the default size of 1em is 16px.
		The size can be calculated from pixels to em using this formula: pixels/16=em.
css shorthand property:
	It is also possible to specify all the individual font properties in one property.
	The font property is a shorthand property for:
					font-style
					font-variant
					font-weight
					font-size/line-height
					font-family
	NOTE:
		The font-size and font-family values are required. If one of the other values is missing, their default value are used.
	
				