What is nodejs?
	Nodejs is a JavaScript runtime, which is built on Chrome's V8 engine.
	Nodejs is an open-source and cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment.
	Nodejs runs the V8 JavaScript engine, the core of Google Chrome, outside of the browser.
	Nodejs app runs in a single process, without creating a new thread for every request.
	
What is the purpose/use of nodejs?
	We can run javascript files from the cli by using nodejs and without using any web browser.
	Nodejs acts like as a server, it will complile and run the javascript files.
	Nodejs itself acts as a server, we can run the our application without servers.	
	Nodejs has a unique advantage because millions of frontend developers that write JavaScript for the browser.
	
What is the serverless container architecture?
	Serverless computing is an execution architecture in which application code is run on demand.
	The only work necessary to run the code is to upload and excute, this is called "serverless", there is no server to maintain.
	Serverless Containers represents the idea that customers can now run containers without having to manage the actual servers (or)
	compute infrastructure that the containers are running on.
	serverless architecture is a way to build and run applications and services without having to manage infrastructure.
What is the difference between interpreter and compiler?
	The interpreter and compiler are the programs that converts high level language(source code)to machine understandable language.
	Computers cannot understand high level languages(human code).
	They can only understand the programs that are developed in binary systems known as a machine code.
	
	Interpreter:
		It translates just one statement of the program at a time into machine code.
		Interpreter takes very less time to analyze the source code.
		
	Compiler:
		Compiler scans the entire program and translates the whole of it into machine code at once.
		A compiler takes a lot of time to analyze the source code.
	
What is design time?
	Design time means during code and UI design, when one is writing code and using graphic designers to design a UI.
	When we developing or designing the applications is a design time.
	
What is compilation time?
	After completing the code it will compiles that is a compilation time.
	
What is run time?
	Runtime is a period of time when the program is running.
